It takes 12 honeybees to make one teaspoon of honey
A single coffee tree produces about one pound of coffee annually.
Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Honey never spoils; archaeologists have found edible honey in ancient tombs.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
The shortest war in history lasted 38 minutes.
A day on Venus is longer than a full rotation on Venus.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when separated.
Lightning strikes the Earth about 100 times every second.
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
All dogs are the descendant of the wolf. These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago
The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the world in a lifetime.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A hippo's sweat is pink.
The Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during summer due to thermal expansion.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
Polar bears are nearly undetectable by infrared cameras.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins can.
A single strand of spaghetti is called a spaghetto.
Coca-Cola would be green if coloring was not added.
A blue whale's tongue weighs as much as an elephant.
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
The human nose can detect over 1 trillion scents.
A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
The longest wedding veil was the same length as 63 football fields.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
Most fleas do not live past a year old
The Great Wall of China is not visible from space with the naked eye.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
Dragonflies have 360-degree vision.
The dot over the letter "i" is called a tittle.
A single strand of spider silk is stronger than steel.
Octopuses have been around longer than dinosaurs.
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
A group of crows is called a murder.
A skunk can spray its odor up to 10 feet.
The first oranges were green.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories per hour.
Pineapples take two seasons to grow.
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
Frogs cannot vomit; they eject their entire stomach.
A cockroach can live for weeks without its head.
The longest English word has 189,819 letters.
A banana is technically a herb, not a fruit.
An octopus has nine brains.
A waterfall in Iceland looks exactly like a dragon.
The blobfish was voted the world's ugliest animal.
A hummingbird's heart beats up to 1,260 times per minute.
The Sahara Desert used to be a lush rainforest.
A single cloud can weigh over a million pounds.
A group of whales is called a pod.
The average human brain can hold 2.5 petabytes of data.
A single tree can absorb up to 48 pounds of carbon dioxide per annum.
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
An apple floats because it is 25% air.
An acre of trees can remove about 13 tons of dust and gases every year from the surrounding environment
The longest hiccuping spree lasted 68 decades.
Sharks have been around longer than trees.
A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
A giraffe's tongue is 21 inches long.
A group of foxes is called a skulk.
One female mouse can produce up to 100 babies a year
The average person produces enough saliva in a lifetime to fill two swimming pools.
A sneeze travels at 100 miles per hour.
The first computer virus was created in 1983.
A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
The strongest muscle in the human body is the masseter.
Chocolate was once used as currency by the Aztecs.
A day on Mercury is 58 Earth days long.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
Wombat feces is cube-shaped.
A group of ferrets is called a business.
The average person has 67 different species of bacteria on their hands.
The fingerprints of koalas are almost identical to humans.
A single cloud can hold billions of water droplets.
The tallest mountain in the solar system is on Mars.
A group of parrots is called a pandemonium.
The word "set" has the most definitions in the English language.
A snail can sleep for three seasons.
The average person will walk 115,000 miles in a lifetime.
A single strawberry has about 200 seeds.
The Siberian tiger can weigh up to 700 pounds.
Ants never sleep.
A group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.
The moon was once part of Earth.
A single bee can produce 1/12th of a teaspoon of honey.
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
The youngest actress to be nominated as best actress is Keisha Castle-Hughes who was nominated at just 13 years old
A group of giraffes is called a tower.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
The average person blinks 15-20 times per minute.
Penguins propose to their mates with a pebble.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
The human stomach produces a new lining every three days.
A bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
A group of horses is called a herd.
Babies have about 300 bones at birth, adults have 206.
A group of bats is called a colony.
The longest tunnel in the world is in Switzerland.
A group of leopards is called a leap.
The average person will eat about 35 tons of food in a lifetime.
A group of otters is called a romp.
The deepest part of the ocean is the Mariana Trench.
A group of squirrels is called a dray.
The average person dreams 4-6 times per night.
A group of kangaroos is called a mob.
The loudest sound in recorded history was the Krakatoa eruption.
A group of badgers is called a cete.
A group of dolphins is called a pod.
A group of woodpeckers is called a descent.
A group of caterpillars is called an army.
A group of cormorants is called a gulp.
In an average lifetime, a person will spend 4 years traveling in an automobile and six months waiting at a red light.
